Mithril update 2025-03-19 (#560)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2025-03-19-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2025-03-19-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> This week, the Mithril team continued working on a prototype 'slave' mode of the aggregator to support signer registration across multiple aggregators: the feature is being stabilized and tested. They also focused on implementing incremental certification of the Cardano database, emphasizing feature stabilization, production readiness, testing, and optimization. Additionally, they started to refactor the cryptographic library to improve clarity and maintainability, and they kept working on signing ancillary files in the Cardano database snapshots with an IOG key.
> 
> Finally, the team enhanced the database tooling for migration and maintenance, and they fixed some flakiness in the CI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, the Mithril team continued working on the aggregator's prototype 'slave' mode to support signer registration across multiple aggregators. This feature is being stabilized and tested. They also focused on implementing incremental certification of the Cardano database, emphasizing feature stabilization, production readiness, testing, and optimization. Additionally, the team started refactoring the cryptographic library to improve clarity and maintainability and kept working on signing ancillary files in the Cardano database snapshots with an IOG key.

Finally, the team enhanced the database tooling for migration and maintenance and fixed some flakiness in the CI.
```
